Okay, so let's go ahead
and demonstrate S3 Event Notifications.
For this, I'm going to create a bucket.
I call it "stephane-v3-events-notifications"
and then when Ireland's...
and I will just go ahead and create my bucket altogether.
Okay. So now bucket is created.
I'm going to go into it.
And what I'm going to do now
is make sure that event notifications are set up.
So I go to properties,
scroll down and then, here we have event notifications.
And as you can see, we have two options.
Number one is to create an event notification,
and I will show you this in a second,
or number two is to enable
the Amazon EventBridge integration
to send all the events
from this S3 bucket into EventBridge.
And for this, you just you set it on
and you'll be good to go.
So it is something that now if I wanted to,
I could use Amazon EventBridge
to catch the events happening in my S3 buckets.
But I will show you the simpler way
because it's a bit more complicated,
is to just create an event notification
and send it for example to SQS.
So I'll call this one "DemoEventNotification"
and then we can set up a prefix, a suffix,
but I won't do it.
And next, we to choose event types.
So we want to react to all object create events.
So that means that any time an object is created,
then an event is going to be created.
But if you wanted to, you could get more granular
and select which type of events you wanted.
But to keep it simple, I'll take it here.
And you can also include for example,
object removals, object restores,
and it shows you all the events you can catch
on the right hand side.
So I'll keep it simple.
I'm just going to scroll down,
but as you can see,
there are a lot of different events
you can react to in Amazon S3.
And then, you want to publish to a destination.
And so we have three options.
We have Lambda functions, SNS topic, and SQS queue.
And I'm going to choose SQS queue
but we first need to create a queue,
and then authorize Amazon S3
to publish messages into that destination.
So what I'm going to do now
is just go into Amazon SQS and then create a queue.
And I call this one "DemoS3Notification."
I will go ahead and create this queue.
And it's created.
So now wanting to do is to enhance the access policy
to allow my S3 bucket to write into my SQS queue.
So to do so, let me first demonstrate the problem.
So if I go back here
and I am going to refresh this page to see my queue appear.
So I refresh it and I say DemoS3Events.
All object created, and then scroll down
and then choose the SQS queue.
I can choose the queue ARN.
Sorry. I could choose queue here in the dropdown,
DemoS3Notification.
And if I try to save my changes,
I get an unknown error, which is saying that,
"Hey, you are not able to validate
the destination configuration
because this SQS queue does not accept yet messages
from my S3 buckets."
And so I need to change the access policy
by clicking on edits,
scroll down, here's my access policy.
And I need to go ahead and generate a new policy.
So I go to Policy Generator.
It's going to be an SQS queue policy.
And the effect is allow anyone, just to be very permissive,
to do a send message.
And my Amazon resource name is right here.
I need to copy it and paste it.
I add a statement, and then generate this policy.
And now, this is the policy I wanna use
which allows anyone to write to my SQS queue.
So it's very, very permissive, but it will work.
Let's save this.
And now my access policy has been updated.
So now, if I go back here and try to save my changes,
as you can see, the operation was successfully completed.
And what happened is that if I go into my SQS queue
and click on send and receive messages,
and then click on poll for messages,
as you can see, a message was being sent by Amazon S3
which is to test event, to test the connectivity.
So what I can do is I can take this message and delete it.
So now we want to test whether or not
the S3 Event Notification is working with SQS.
So therefore we're going to upload an object,
click on add files and choose our coffee, the JPEG.
I will upload this file.
Now the file has been uploaded.
And if I go into my bucket,
I can indeed see that my coffee, the JPEG, has been created.
And imagine we wanted to automate this
and create a thumbnail from it.
Then, we will need to have a message into our SQS queue
to then process it and create a thumbnail.
Therefore, I'm going to pull for messages.
And as you can see, a message was created here.
And if you look at the message itself,
and I'm going to try to increase this window size,
we can see the fact that the "eventName"
was "ObjectCreatedPut"
So an object was indeed created.
And if we look deeper,
we're going to see that the key of that message
is coffee, the JPEG.
So the coffee, the JPEG, was created
and it generated a whole event into my SQS queue.
And therefore, that shows the power
of S3 Event Notifications.
What I can do here is I can delete the message
and we're done.
Okay. So that's it.
We've seen S3 Event Notifications.
What you need to remember again
is that you can send to SQS, SNS and Lambda,
as well as send all events to Amazon EventBridge
for further processing and sending it to more destinations.
Okay. That's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.